We create all different systems that use bitter systems that run in parallel to the base systems, can but don't need to replace base systems.

For trains we put have bitter depos and big bitters carry things between. Same bitter, different sprite.

NEST IDEAS:
Level 1-3 are general upgrades. Upgrade 2 comes after green. Upgrade 3 comes after chemical. Bitter type is determined by player and types can be switched at will. These bitters die.

At 4+, bitter nests are highly specialized and take a unique processes to upgrade for each type of bitter nests. Takes purple science. Exploitation phase, so nets are enclosed or something similar. Nets need to be downgraded to level 3 to go to another upgrade branch. These bitters are cybernetic and do not die

possibility that tame, and only tame bitters place blueprinted buildings.

Tier 3 bitter ideas:
Logistics bitter, collects things and moves things around. They are really small. Combine runner and collector bitters.

Cargo bitters can run you over and kill you. Bugs passing by a corpse have a chance to stop and pay their respects. Chances are much higher with player corpses. Chances are zero with hostile bitter corpses.

IDEA: All biter networks are within the same network, even if they are not physically adjacent 

IDEA: Early game, nests are part of the network automatically. 

SYSTME: Docile bitters passively drop chitin. No other bitters. The dropped chitin is an entity called natural chitin. Only a certain number of natural chitin can be present around a single nest.

METHOD: Feature first, optimize for UPS latter, still important.

IDEA: Military bitters. Could be defense system. Could be all bitters. Could be that when there is a raid is triggered, all bitters stop what they are doing to go and fight. Once the event is over, bugs have a chance to morn their fallen. Each bug has different stats. Special military nests are available at higher levels.

Nest types and bitter types are independent. Excluding specialty nests and bitters (4+), nests can be converted to produce any bitter, once that type of bitter has been researched.

BUG TYPES:

Fright: Late breeding phase. Different sprites for fluids vs solid cargo. Unlocked at or near trains. Bitter enhancement 3

Docile: Natural spawn. Small.

Runner: Tamed. Start of bot logistics. Take from depo and drop in hopper. Bitter enhancement 1

Collectors: Take from ground and put in depo. Bitter enhancement 1

Stock: Drop extra chitin. Bitter enhancement 1

Logistic: Combo of collector and runner into one bitter. Very small very fast. Bitter enhancement 3.


Natural bitter progression:

Once you upgrade a nest to a higher tier, the docile nests can also upgrade to that level.


